everyone on back in the craft room and I
was asked to do some kind of beachy
Christmas ornaments and that's what
we're gonna do today
I am gonna do some starfish ornaments
for Christmas these starfish are from
oriental trading and you can get a whole
bag of them and I am going to turn these
into ornament and what I'm going to do
is glitter it and I'm gonna use as just
plain white glue I'm going to use this
bright bluish glitter take your
paintbrush you dip it in the glue and
paint it on and I'll just do a section
at a time sprinkle it on shake off any
excess now once you get the one side
covered set it aside and let it dry and
then we'll come back and do the back
side in the meantime we're going to work
on the next one and I'm going to work on
a pink and agree and I'm gonna do the
pink in the middle and coming up a
little bit onto the legs and I'm doing
this just to have a little bit of a
different look a little bit of fun with
glitter and I'll sprinkle that on
shake off any excess and put that aside
to dry now I've got this little one and
what I'm going to do with this one is
just paint the entire thing silver the
pink is dry and now I'm going to do the
very same thing and I'm gonna try to
avoid most of the pink I'll kind of
paint right up to it and around it and
then I will sprinkle that with the green
there it is
so you'll have the combo of colors there
then you want to set this to dry again
and then I will do the back side
everything is glittered on the front and
the back and ready to go and now I'm
going to embellish them just a little
bit more and on this one I'm gonna go
very very simple I have this wire from
the dollar store and all I'm gonna do is
take my little pliers here and I am
going to start it an end grab a hold of
it and then I'm gonna just start to
twist it now I'm doing is making a
little kind of swirl so you have
something like this and then I'm going
to shoo
slip it off so you have something like
this and all I'm going to do then is
it's my hot glue and a some tweezers
little hot glue whoops
little hot glue right on there put it
down
oops I got some over there do that
alright and then push it down if you
have a little hot glue peeking through
go ahead and throw a little bit of more
silver in there and there it is so let's
just finish this one off since we've
come this far I have these little silver
bead caps and you get them at the craft
store and I want to bend it a little bit
because this is how this particular one
came and I want to bend it a little bit
to kind of conform a little bit better
to to that starfish like so I'm just
gonna take my tweezers and gently bend
it so I'm gonna take my eye pin I have a
silver eye pin and then the bent cap and
I'm gonna cut the eye pin down I have
inserted the eye pin into the bead cap
and I'm gonna put a little dab of glue
on the end then I'm gonna carefully try
not to burn myself and I'm gonna push
this down into the starfish leg and
there it is and then you just put
another a jump ring on there and then
you attach to a ribbon and here's an
ornament number once here is the next
one the green and the pink one and I did
it on both sides and I found this sheet
of I guess they're adhesive half pearls
or something and I found them on
clearance so I thought well I'm gonna
get them and if you remember from a long
time ago I had used this on a pair of
earrings and I think a pendant and I had
bought a bunch of these on clearance at
Hobby Lobby so keep an eye out in the
clearance section
and I am going to just put a little dab
of glue right there in the middle press
it down and then I'm going to take a
green bead half bead have pearl
and there's the second one and you can
add additional additional beads anywhere
you want it also and I'm going to do the
same thing with the bead cap on one of
the legs on this one and there is that
one some of you might recall this I
bought this a very long time ago also
here's my eye pin cut that down and this
time I'm not doing one of those bead
caps I'm just doing you know a little
fake pearl and I'm doing that and now on
each of these other ones I'm just gonna
use a regular pearl low fake pearl and
I'm gonna take a little bit of hot glue
put it down there once the jump ring and
the ribbons are attached this is what
you have you have these cute tropical
ornaments that are great for anybody up
north that wants a little bit of beach
in their holidays and they're perfect
for anybody's celebrating down in the
warmer weather so I hope you like it
hope you give it a try guys remember to
rate comment and subscribe and I'd love
to know which one you like the best and
leave it in the comments below we'll see
you next time happy crafting
you